Hello. Good morning, everyone. I'm using the mic for the transmission, but basically,
we don't need a sound here. So, my name is Paulo. I'm from Brazil. And this is the second
time you have a translation's Dev Room here at Fosden. So, nice to have you here. Welcome
to the translation's Dev Room. I hope you have a nice morning with all the talks. We
will have six talks today. And so, basically, I'm sitting there. If you need something,
if you have some questions, I can help with that. We will start today with Cecilia. Talk
about some translations. And during this morning, we have one talk after the other. And we have
some time between one talk and another, with five minutes to change the speaker here. So,
that's it. I have contributed to Debian with translation. I helped Debian to translate
from English to Portuguese because I'm from Brazil, as I said. So, this is a nice idea. I have
a translation's Room as we can talk about this topic here. Welcome, everybody. And let's start
with Cecilia. Thank you.